README.md, before:

# Harvard University Projects

Welcome to my repository for the Harvard University projects completed as part of the CS50: Introduction to Computer Science course!

## Week 0 - Scratch Game

### Spacecraft Game
- **Description:** This project is a simple spacecraft game created using Scratch. Navigate the spacecraft through space, avoiding obstacles and collecting points.
- **File:** [week0_HarvardUniversity_scratchGame.sb3](week0-scratch-project.sb3)

## Getting Started

To view and run the Scratch projects in this repository, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rupesh3433/HarvardUniversity_Projects.git

## Week 1 - C Language Projects

### Cash
- **Description:** Implement a program that calculates the minimum number of coins required to give a user change.
- **File:** [cash.c](week1-c-project/cash/cash.c)

### Credit
- **Description:** Implement a program that determines whether a provided credit card number is valid, and if so, which company issued it.
- **File:** [credit.c](week1-c-project/credit/credit.c)

### Mario - Less Comfortable
- **Description:** Implement a program that prints a half-pyramid of a specified height using hashes (`#`) for blocks.
- **File:** [mario.c](week1-c-project/mario-less/mario.c)

### Mario - More Comfortable
- **Description:** Implement a program that prints a pyramid of a specified height using hashes (`#`) for blocks.
- **File:** [mario.c](week1-c-project/mario-more/mario.c)

### Me
- **Description:** Implement a simple "hello world" program.
- **File:** [hello.c](week1-c-project/me/hello.c)

Commit message:

Updationg readme file for week 2

README.md, after:

# Harvard University Projects

Welcome to my repository for the Harvard University projects completed as part of the CS50: Introduction to Computer Science course!

## Week 0 - Scratch Game

### Spacecraft Game
- **Description:** This project is a simple spacecraft game created using Scratch. Navigate the spacecraft through space, avoiding obstacles and collecting points.
- **File:** [week0_HarvardUniversity_scratchGame.sb3](week0-scratch-project.sb3)

## Week 1 - C Language Projects

### Cash
- **Description:** Implement a program that calculates the minimum number of coins required to give a user change.
- **File:** [cash.c](week1-c-project/cash/cash.c)

### Credit
- **Description:** Implement a program that determines whether a provided credit card number is valid, and if so, which company issued it.
- **File:** [credit.c](week1-c-project/credit/credit.c)

### Mario - Less Comfortable
- **Description:** Implement a program that prints a half-pyramid of a specified height using hashes (`#`) for blocks.
- **File:** [mario.c](week1-c-project/mario-less/mario.c)

### Mario - More Comfortable
- **Description:** Implement a program that prints a pyramid of a specified height using hashes (`#`) for blocks.
- **File:** [mario.c](week1-c-project/mario-more/mario.c)

### Me
- **Description:** Implement a simple "hello world" program.
- **File:** [hello.c](week1-c-project/me/hello.c)

## Week 2 - C Language Projects

### Caesar Cipher
- **Description:** Implement a program that encrypts messages using Caesar's cipher.
- **File:** [caesar.c](week2-c-project/caesar/caesar.c)

### Readability
- **Description:** Implement a program that computes the approximate grade level needed to comprehend some text.
- **File:** [readability.c](week2-c-project/readability/readability.c)

### Scrabble
- **Description:** Implement a program that calculates the score of a given word in Scrabble.
- **File:** [scrabble.c](week2-c-project/scrabble/scrabble.c)

### Substitution Cipher
- **Description:** Implement a program that encrypts messages using a substitution cipher.
- **File:** [substitution.c](week2-c-project/substitution/substitution.c)

## Getting Started

To view and run the projects in this repository, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rupesh3433/HarvardUniversity_Projects.git
